You're a bad-mouthed grandson.
You're so nervous.
Yotago, your brother-in-law is not well.
Don't be silly.
You're really bad-mouthed.
You're bad-mouthed, but you're not well.
What?
You're always making fun of me.
Hey, grandson.
Don't make fun of me.
You're a crab.
You're a horse.
I'm not going to be a horse.
You're not going to be a horse.
Don't be silly.
You're a bad-mouthed.
I talked to you yesterday
and you were angry.
What's wrong?
I'm still cute.
I'll come back at night
and you'll be used to it.
I'm not sure where you dropped the guest.
It's nothing.
I'm not going anywhere.
What?
Are you done already?
I'm going to run away.
I'm not in a good mood.
I'll get off the train.
Ha ha ha!
I'm fine.
Hey, hey!
It's a customer.
Good morning, sir.
Hey, you!
It's a customer.
Don't you want to get off the train?
Yes, sir!
Oh, there are many voices.
Hey, sir, get off the train.
Hey, where is the train?
Hey, the train is coming.
Your train is a little bit steep.
Oh, my train is steep.
I saw your train was steep.
I remember the country and I cry.
Ha ha ha!
You're a fool.
Your stop is steep.
You remember the country?
I'm not a stop.
Why do you remember the country?
I'm a cow.
Hey!
When it's dark, the cow pulls and runs away.
I'm the one who cleans the cow's feet.
Your feet are steep and steep.
You're wrong with the cow.
You're a fool.
Hey, you!
Please come here.
Where?
Come here.
Ha ha ha!
Stop imitating me.
You're really bad at talking.
Listen!
What?
Hey!
Yes?
How old are you?
I'm old.
What?
I don't care if you're tall or short.
How old are you?
I'm a man.
What?
A man?
What a funny name.
I'm a man.
Oh?
How many girls are there in this house?
I'll tell you in three years.
Why three years?
I'm not asking you for your age.
How many girls are there like you?
That's why it's three years.
How many years?
Futori Hitari-san!
What?
Oh!
Choo choo!
Where are you?
Stop it!
You're a fool.
I'll buy you a new one.
Three-person trip.
I'll be long.
I'll apologize for this.